look over here sweetie smile we're
making a stellar cannon does mile
heisenberg she's eating a lot of that
blue stuff what is that just Gatorade
okay good you guys have to come out I
haven't seen you in forever I'd really
hate to get it I'm can have fun here
this is delightful we should want these
above our bed look goo neighbors oh why
don't we judge is that a fraternity we
have to go yeah we've got to be clean
and we say by the way keep it soon well
we'll inside like that just like keep it
down what are you doing with this leave
it down just don't leave overworked it
just want to say welcome to the hub also
if you command me just any way make sure
if we're too noisy call me first don't
call the cops okay I'll go tell them to
ya are you ready for chow
call the casa noble seemed so lame do it
anonymously it's a good idea they do our
dirty work for us oh no she sold us out
you caught about your neighbors know
they'll call ID the cops everybody has
called ID you guys just local sleeping
giant welcome to the darkness bitches
fat fucking to the console oh the
airbags so weird what are they just
breaking it through it I don't know
who's your father please
Wow justice is your brand so we're
throwing a robert de niro party cheeky
pretty loud you called the cops you
violated the circle of trust vodka just
go you're upsetting Jinxy cat oh there's
a hard time hanging on to our balls so
big I'm a darkness inside of me and you
will fail dude we missed the airbag
clean up this really got a balloon oh
Jesus her mouth is gonna be a little bit
numb from the lubricant other than that
you guys are free to go do you guys want
the car would take with you I don't know
if you still want to use it